AlgA3_Q1 Simple Brilliant Mind Game Jackpot Program
1. Variable and constant declarations
   Note: Using array to store the values in the table. 
         int count1 = 0; // count the amount of the numbers that are not multiple of the category number;
		 int count2 = 0; // count the amount of the numbers that are multiple of the category number;
		
2. Display a welcome/salutation message to the user of the program.

3. Display a prompt message for the user to enter a valid age by using Do-While Loop
   If the age is less equal to 15 or over equal to 125, the loop continue, otherwise, the loop stops.
   Check the value until it is satisfied - higher than 15 and less than 125 years. 
   
4. Process for each category the numbers in its score value that are NOT multiple of that category number.
   Using Nested loop to archive this goal:
   		a) Outer For-loop to iterate the scoreValue in the table. 
   		The time of iteration should be the amount of category which is 10;
   		
   		b) Inner nested For-loop to find for each category the numbers, the numbers that are NOT multiple of that category number.
   		The time of iteration should be the number of that category score value.
   		
   		In the inner For-Loop, display for each category the numbers that are not the multiple of the current
   		category number, in the form of ten numbers per line, followed by the accumulated reward Cryptom money.
   		
   			1) Use variable count1 to count the amount of the numbers that are not multiple of the category number;
   			If count1 is equal to 10, then print the number in a new line
   
   			2) Use variable count2 to count the amount of the numbers that are multiple of the category number;
   			If count1 is equal to 0 and count2 is not equal to 0, then print "No numbers are found in this category!" 
   		
   			Every time when there is a number that are not multiple of the category number, add it to the sum, 
   			then in the second loop print the sum as Cryptom money.
   
5. Finally, display a complimentary-close message 